Stock Extension, Version 0.1.5		Made for Endless Sky v0.8.11

Stock Extension, or SXT, offers minor revisions to Endless Sky in areas I felt it was a little lacking, and additions to add
	depth and help it continue to flesh out its story. The idea is for the changes to blend so well you don't even notice most
	of them, but if you want to see a notable example, just drop by the Sol system the next time you get a chance - you might
	spot some things that weren't there before.
Also, the resources here are of course under the GNU license, so if you would like to use them in your own stuff, please do.
	I would appreciate a credits mention if you do, but to keep things simple just credit the Stock Extension mod itself.
Heading list:
	How to Install
	Credits
	Changelog
	To Do List


How to Install:
	I'm pretty sure this information is available on the Endless Sky wiki, but I'll give directions for Windows 7 and up anyway.
	This is for the non-Steam version.
	Find and open the following folder:
			C:  >  Users  >  [you]  >  AppData  >  Roaming  >  endless-sky  >  plugins
	Just drag StockExtension from its zip file into that folder or your OS's equivalent and boot up the game. That's it!
	If you want to back up your saves, they are kept near the plugins folder. Shouldn't be necessary but it can never hurt.
	Don't forget to check for updates to SXT, and if you notice any bugs please let me know so I can fix them.
	To update SXT, just copy and overwrite right over the old version, unless otherwise specified at the download (and here).

Note for existing saves:
	While the map will update in an existing save when you load the game with SXT, and give you unexplored systems to visit, many
		of the conversations you can have won't be able to occur if you're past a certain point. For example, if you've already
		completed the plot, you can only visit James once; however, Captains Wilkes, one of the recurring characters added by
		SXT, must first be met through a visit with James that must take place between the formation of the Free Worlds and the
		player's choice of sides.
	You have two options to fix this problem. First, just start a new save. Second, and I would only recommend this if you have
		experience editing .sav and .cfg files - if you're reading this in the default Windows Notepad, that probably isn't you -
		you can read through the data files in SXT, go through the conversations manually, and edit a snapshot to include whatever
		conditions you want to append. This will trick the game into thinking that you went through the missions you adjusted.



Credits:
	Modding and Related Writing
		Sean Reeser
	Photos and Artwork
		Sean Reeser
		NASA
		RKA
		SpaceEngine
		voyager168 (DeviantArt)
	Testing
		John Lawlor
	Hats off to Michael Zanhiser for making such a good game, making it free to boot, and giving me permission do these things.
	Lastly, thank you, for playing Endless Sky, for downloading Stock Extension, and for actually reading this. I hope you enjoy the game.
		- Sean



Changelog:
	v0.1.0
		First distribution
	Nameless versions
		Added .ico file for Endless Sky (but not attached to .exe; requires shortcut)
		Added landscape pictures
		Added a bunch of planet sprites
		Added two brown dwarf star sprites
		Added barycenter mechanism for binary planets
		Modified existing systems to include new sprites
		Added bunches of new systems, mostly in Core
		Added pirate system in Dirt Belt
		Moved Alpha Centauri closer to Sol
		Modified Deneb system to look more like Deneb and also be HUUUUUUGE
		Added more hails
		Handful of typo fixes


To Do List:
	Remember James? Add opportunites to interact with James throughout the game - IN PROGRESS
	Add a couple of minor plots and recurring characters - IN PROGRESS
	Fix Callisto so it is a function-neutered station if possible - IN PROGRESS
	Add an interplanetary shuttle (to ramp up activity in multi-planet systems)
	Make it economically and strategically viable to become a criminal, either a pirate or smuggler
	Fix tyops as noticed - ALWAYS IN PROGRESS